# Initial-Challenges

This repository contains some solutions to six programming challenges. The goal of this repository is to explore different programming languages by implementing the same core logic across various syntaxes.

----------

## The Challenges

1. **Hello World**
    Configure the development environment and display the message "Hello, World!" via the console.
2. **Calculator**
    Create a program that receives two numbers and an operation to return the arithmetic result.

3. **Number Guessing Game**
    Implement a loop where the user tries to guess a random number generated by the system.

4. **ToDo List**
    Design a system to add, list, and delete tasks using dynamic arrays or lists.

5. **Palindrome Checker**
    Develop a function that processes a string of text and determines if it reads the same forwards and backwards.

6. **FizzBuzz**
    Iterate from 1 to 100 applying logical conditions to replace multiples of 3, 5 or both with words fizz if its multiple of 3 and buzz for 5.

The examples are organized by language and then by the specific challenge.

## How to Use This Repo

1. **Navigate** to the directory of the language you are interested in.
2. **Read** the source code to see how specific logic (like loops or conditionals) is handled in that language.
3. **Run** the files using the appropriate compiler or interpreter.

## Project Structure

To maintain consistency across all implemented languages, each directory must follow this standardized hierarchy:

```
language/
├── 01_hello_world/
├── 02_calculator/
├── 03_number_guessing_game/
├── 04_todo_list/
├── 05_palindrome_checker/
└── 06_fizzbuzz/
```

### Example: Running Python Challenges

```bash
python python/02_calculator/CalculadoraFunctions.py
```
